H.No. 1951, W.N.4, Khaperkheda, 
Saoner, Nagpur, Maharashtra, India 
Contact: (+91)08010996763 
 
info@suvidhafoundationedutech.org 
www.suvidhafoundationedutech.org 
 
Date:- 20/11/2023 
Ref.No: SMM/23/WD/5002 
 
INTERNSHIP: OFFER LETTER 
 
To,   
           Vaibhav Bhosale 
 
With reference to your interview, we are pleased to inform you that you have been selected as “Web 
Development Intern ” in our NGO - “Suvidha Mahila Mandal”, with the following terms and conditions;- 
 
● Apart from your domain work, you will provide the voluntary and fundraising Services to SUVIDHA FOUNDATION. 
● The internship period will be from 22-11-2023 to 12-12-2023. 
● Your Work Base station is Work From Home and six days a week. 
● It is an unpaid internship. The certificate of completion will be given only if you invest 4 hours daily on 
all working days. You must participate in the daily team meetings through Google Meet. As the letter holds 
no value without a completion certificate with a unique identification number, which can be verified online. 
● During the internship period and thereafter, you will not give out to anyone in writing or by word of mouth or 
otherwise particulars or details of work process, technical know-how, research carried out, security arrangements 
and/or matters of confidential or secret nature which you may come across during your service in this organization. 
● In case of any misconduct which causes financial loss to the NGO or hurts its reputation and goodwill of the 
organization, the management has the right to terminate any intern. In case of termination, the management will 
not issue certificate to the intern. 
● It is necessary for an intern to return all the organization belongings (login credentials, media created, and system) 
at the time of leaving the organization. A clearance and experience certificate will be given after completing the 
formalities. If any employee leaves the job/Internship without completing the formality, the organization will take 
necessary action. All the software/courses/data developed by the interns or any employee for the Suvidha Mahila 
Mandal are intellectual property of the organization & are protected by Indian Copyright Act. All the data generated 
during the internship period, is the property right of organization and can be used for any purpose. In case of any 
piracy, strict legal action will be taken by the organization against erring persons. No information or source codes 
or course curriculum or business secrets or financial position or other details of organization shall be discussed 
among friends or relatives or our competitors. Such leakage of information is likely to cause financial loss to the 
organization. Hence, in such a case, the organization will terminate the employee immediately and if required, 
further legal action will be taken against you. 
Employment /Agreement Internship 
This agreement is entered between Suvidha Mahila Mandal, Registered office H.no. 1951,W.N.4, Khaperkheda, 
Saoner, Nagpur, Maharashtra and hereafter -called Suvidha Foundation. 
And 
                         Vaibhav Bhosale ( 
) 
We wish you a successful journey with the Suvidha Foundation. 
 
Mrs. Shobha Motghare 
Secretary, Suvidha Mahila Mandal 
